Expression
    Values + Operators
    Ex. 2 + 2 (2 is value, + is operator)
    Always evaluate down to a single value
    BEDMAS is used

Statements
    Don't evaluate to a single value
    Ex. Spam = 2 + 2
    Ex. Spam = Spam + 1

Data types
    Integers 
        Short form = Ints
        Whole numbers
        Ex. -10, 8
    Floating point numbers
        Short form = floats
        Numbers with decimals
        Ex. -3.14, 5.0
    Strings
        Begin and end with single quotation mark (')
        When the operation + is used on strings, it is called string concatenation operator 
        When the operation * is used on strings, it is called string replication
        String ex. 'Alice'
        String concatenation ex. 'Alice' + ' Bob' is 'Alice Bob'
        String replication ex. 'Alice ' * 3 is 'Alice Alice Alice'

Variables
    Like a box that can store a single value
    (variable name) = value
    Above creates new variable
    Variable evaluates to the value it contains

The execution is the instruction which is currently being executed

Comments
    Used to write notes to yourself, or reminders about what the code is trying to do. 
    Made by putting a # sign in front of what you want to write as a comment.

Use blank lines to help organize your code into groups to make it easier to understand

Functions - Like mini programs in the program
    Print() function
        Displays the string value inside the brackets on the screen
    Input() function
        Python waits for the user to type some text on the keyboard and press enter
        Calls to the input function evaluate to the string value of what the user types
        All input values are strings
    Len() function
        Takes a string argument and then evaluates to the integer value of the length of the string
    str() int() and float() functions
        Converts between data types
        You can't do 'hello' + 9, because they both need to be strings. To fix this you could do 'hello + str(9)
        
Arguments
    Values passed to functions
    Ex. print('Hello world')
    The 'Hello world' in this context is the argument
        